---
title: "Ai 2"
date: "2025-05-24T17:24:19+05:30"
author: "P K Arun"
slug: "ai-2"
---

Last few days in my family, after having dinner, we were discussing about
how AI (Artificial Intelligence) is going to change lots of industries.

I'm an internet marketer, and I can see drastic changes that have already
happened in my industry. This is not just limited to my industry. AI is
going to change lots more industries.

Especially users who are working in software, tech support, graphic
designing, etc., kind of jobs can be easily replaced by AI at a much
cheaper price.

If you use YouTube, just search "AI to build website, tech support etc.,"
you will find plenty of users sharing how easily anyone can automate
complex tasks.

A lot of users are switching to AI-related topics to create YouTube videos
because the AI industry is going to boom in a few years.

It's not just going to boom… it's going to revolutionize most of the
industries.

Big company CEOs are already announcing that AI is going to replace many
jobs in the future. This is not a simple statement. This is going to happen
in 3 to 5 years.

My younger brother is working in the software field. I and all my family
members have started alerting him to start something of his own now itself,
just to be on the safer side.

I'm not sure how he is considering our words. No matter whether he
considers our words or not, things are definitely gonna change in a few
years.

The reason why I'm writing this email is, if you are also in any such field
where AI is going to soon replace jobs, be careful while taking loans for
house construction.

Have some backup idea where you can repay the loan without depending on
your salary.

No one knows how fast and what changes are ahead.

One thing I can be sure of is, definitely some major changes are going to
happen in a few industries because of AI.

If you are not prepared for that, you're gonna take a hit.

Be aware of it. Be prepared.

I'm not writing this email to scare you. This is going to happen. Go and
watch some YouTube videos on AI—you will know what it can do. That time,
you can feel it yourself.

Don't overspend on fancy stuff with the help of a loan. Avoid making
mistakes at the time of construction to save money.

During construction time, you don't realize the cost of mistakes. You will
have the owner hat on, and you won't realize the repair costs. Once all the
work is over and you sit and analyze, that time maybe you could realize how
much money you wasted.

A simple mistake or a repair work—you will easily lose a few thousands to
lakhs.

No matter how smart you are, you're gonna make mistakes during construction
time.

In my guides, I shared all my mistakes, tips, and suggestions that I made
and that I notice regularly. If you want that knowledge, visit here to get
it.